Hi there, I'm Blake. Thanks for taking the time to check out my portfolio! Here's a little about myself.

I grew up in Goleta, CA (near to Santa Barbara) with my parents and three younger sisters. My father was the founder and CEO of two successful medical robotics companies; Computer Motion (now Intuitive Surgical), and InTouch Health. My mother stayed home to raise my sisters and me. Thanks to their support and example, I've been able been able to pursue the many different areas of study displayed here.

Growing up, I spent most of my free time doing extreme sports (surfing, wakeboarding, skateboarding, snowboarding), playing music (bass, piano, drums, guitar), or building things that would help me do these activities (mostly skate ramps and guitars). My father, being an engineer, encouraged me to design and build anything I could think of. I have this encouragement to thank for my love of making. When I took a college internship at at InTouch Health designing parts, assemblies, and test fixtures for remote presence robots, I knew that engineering was a good fit for me. After graduating from UCSB with my bachelor's in physics, I moved to San Diego where I got a job as a Mechanical Design Engineer at an industrial design firm called DDSTUDIO - a position I still hold today. DDSTUDIO has been an ideal place to learn and grow my skills in large part because, as a consulting firm, we get to work on many different types of projects across many industries.

In high school, I had the opportunity to travel Europe as the bass player for the Dos Pueblos Jazz Choir and Combo and this is when I really began to focus seriously on studying music theory and its application to the bass. Since then, I have played in many groups varying from jazz combos to hard rock bands. Music will always be an important part of who I am.

After high school, I studied physics at UC Santa Barbara. I wanted to gain an understanding of the physical world and this came in handy when I started my internship at InTouch Health. There, I learned the basics of CAD modeling using SolidWorks and implemented my new skills by helping the mechanical engineering team